DOCS-11819-mqtt-cluster-editorial-kt (#1609)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: mqtt 3/1.0.0/modules/ROOT/pages/edits/mqtt3-connector-quality-of-service.adoc

= Configure the Quality of Service for MQTT 3 Connector

> The MQTT protocol enables you to specify levels of delivery assurance for inbound or outbound messages. These levels

Reviewer: In reading this, I wonder if we should distinguish more clearly among the verbs...:

- send
- deliver: this could mean either sent or received
- receive

Reviewer: Just to consider...:
```suggestion
Using the MQTT protocol, configure a level of message-delivery assurance (quality of service, or QoS): 
```

> are referred to as quality of service (QoS).
> 
> The available QoS levels to configure for MQTT 3 Connector are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are referred to as _quality of service_ (QoS).

The available QoS levels to configure for MQTT 3 Connector are:
```

Reviewer: ^ could be omitted altogether if you decide to use the suggested intro at Line 3.

 * *AT_MOST_ONCE*
+

> The message will be delivered at most one time (fire and forget). The level does not guarantee that the message will be received at all.

Reviewer: Just for present ongoing tense
```suggestion
Messages are sent once ("fire and forget") and delivery is not guaranteed. 
```

 * *AT_LEAST_ONCE*
+

> The message will be delivered correctly at least one time. The message could be delivered more than once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Messages are sent repeatedly until they are successfully delivered.
```

 * *EXACTLY_ONCE*
+

> The level guarantees that the message will be delivered correctly exactly one time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Messages are sent once and delivery is ensured.
```

> The quality of service can be different for publishing and subscribing, even if the published message and the subscription

Reviewer: To avoid the modal "can be," per style ref.
```suggestion
The quality of service is sometimes different between message publishing and message subscribing, even if the published message and the subscription
```

> have a common topic. So, a message can be published with QoS 1 or 2, and still not reach the *Listener* source, if said *Listener* source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have a common topic. For example, a message published with QoS 1 or 2 might not be successfully delivered to the *Listener* source if that *Listener* source is
```

> subscribed with QoS *AT_MOST_ONCE* (QoS=0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subscribed with QoS 0, *AT_MOST_ONCE*.
```

== See Also

> * xref:mqtt3-connector-examples.adoc[MQTT3 Connector Examples]

Reviewer: MQTT3 or MQTT 3? Search for and standardize GLOBALLY
